# Sprint Meeting
Date: Wednesday 25th August, 2021  
Time: 10:00 - 11:00  
Location: Zoom Meeting   
Members attended: Ryan Turner (u6040885), Madeleine Carden (u5849803),Ian Oxborrow (u6668026), Tristan Smith (u6949592)  


10:02
* Meeting start
The client has not requested a time slot atm but is talking to Hannah this afternoon and will work out a time then
* We are asking if it is still necessary to the testing on vulnerable users as covid has made that testing extremely difficult

10:04
* Robin and chirath stated that they are okay with not testing vulnerable users
* The want something in place to dispense the app over the internet (I assume this means they want it uploaded on the app stores)

10:07
* Chathura is mentioning the issue with the microphone data
* Robin will ask a colleague about whether they would like an audio file compared to the raw data
* Chirath would prefer the output to be an mp3 file so that the file size is more manageable 

10:14
* Robin would prefer there to be an individual button for each sensor providing a description of how they work
* Robin thinks that it would be easiest if we just have a video explanation that describes how to use the app

