Wed 24 march
10:02
* Meeting start
* We are implemneting a plan to assign work based on the amount of expected work
* We are creating surveys

* The tutor is really likes documentation so we should do more of that
* This will also address the critique that our presentation should be more visual

10:29
* the pitch should be moved into documentation because we should not be reading it directly
* The tutor would like to receive a meeting agenda each Sunday

10:34
* Changes to the graphs should be made
* A different screen design should be made with buttons that indicate the graph being shown
10:40
* new changes are being assigned
* Slidey one

10:53
* The main audio package is not being maintained anymore but there is a different audio sensor that provides the raw audio file
10:58

* assigning tasks
