# Sprint Meeting
Date: Wednesday 14th April, 2021  
Time: 10:00 - 11:40  
Location: Zoom Meeting   
Members attended: Ryan Turner (u6040885), Madeleine Carden (u5849803),Ian Oxborrow (u6668026), King Ho Cheung (u6181123), Chathura Galappaththi (@u6947345), Tristan Smith (u6949592)  


10:00
* Meeting start
* Going over feedback from the tutor (inferred)

10:15
* Ian arrived (I was late my bad. previous notes have been inferred)

10:18
* the tutor would like to trace 
* we should add something to the readme to include note intended users and how they could use it according to the tutors suggestions

10:22
* we decided that a change management system is not important

10:29
* the minutes can be improved by being linked to the issue board
* there is a comment that we donâ€™t all talk evenly in tutorials

10:40
* meeting agendas will go at the top of the minutes

10:52
* considering having a branch for each person
* it does not look like there is a way to protect a branch by user
* Michael still is not able to run the project

11:04
* The sounds data is unusual

11:20
*old tasks are being completed
* new tasks are being assigned

11:41
* Meeting end
### Important notes
* 
