# Sprint Meeting
Date: Sunday 10th October, 2021
Time: 12:00 - 1:55
Location: Zoom Meeting
Members attended: Ryan Turner (u6040885), Madeleine Carden (u5849803),Ian Oxborrow (u6668026), King Ho Cheung (u6181123), Chathura Galappaththi (@u6947345), Tristan Smith (u6949592)

12:20
* Meeting start
* For some reason a huge amount of lag has started to appear with the graph

10:27
* the lag with the graph is likely due to stacking updates that happen when the user interacts with the screen

10:38
* removing some of the update requests stops the graph from being high fps but prevents the graph from laying

1:02
* a link has been put into the chat that should let the component be updated in a more controlled way

1:20
* going through user feedback
* landscape will be disabled as it was not meant to be there in the first place

1:29
* users would like to see the graph have a constant scale so that when the numbers are constant they appear to be constant

1:37
* Ryan has written down smaller tasks that will be finished by the end of the day for the audit

1:55
* Meeting close
