# Sprint Meeting
Date: Saturday 7th August, 2021  
Time: 12:00 - 13:00  
Location: Zoom Meeting   
Members attended: Ryan Turner (u6040885), Madeleine Carden (u5849803),Ian Oxborrow (u6668026), King Ho Cheung (u6181123), Tristan Smith (u6949592)  

12:00 
* Meeting start

12:04
* Chathura has arrived 

*talking about the lowest common denemoator? 

12:07
* Tristan had arrived
* Meeting properly start

12:08
* Ian will record meetings and if Ian is not there Tristian will record meetings
* Ryan will write agendas 

12:11
* We need to add persimmons for pricilla, Charles, and one more person to the repo (aside from the third person This has already been done)

12:13
* A link to the repo needs to be added to the slides

12:15
* covering completed work
* maddy has submitted the new statement of work to the clients
* maddy has not been able to get the iOS version working

12:16
* Michael was not able to resolve his errors for this week

* Ian has completed their task

12:23
* chathura has completed his tasks
* Tristan has completed his tasks

12:24
* our tutor has emailed us a list of names to each of us which we think are discussion points

12:30
* An updated team charta and a communications plan should be made fro the audit on Wednesday

12:33
* proper documentation for offloading the project will be required
* User testing should be started early

12:41
* The client team should already have a team of people that can help with testing

12:43
* Maganatometer and GPS coordinates 
* the document would include standards about pushing/pulling standards for what a function should look like, debugging should be removed before pushing

12:49
* assigning asks this week
