# Sprint Meeting
Date: Wednesday 5th May, 2021
Time: 10:00 - 11:20
Location: Zoom Meeting
Members attended: Ryan Turner (u6040885), Madeleine Carden (u5849803),Ian Oxborrow (u6668026), King Ho Cheung (u6181123), Chathura Galappaththi (@u6947345), Tristan Smith (u6949592)



10:00
* Meeting start
* we should delete the “sensible” folder and rename the test project folder
* Michaels computer works now
* We need to make suer that everything on the beta branch is merged into the master branch

10:08
* the clients were not happy with the project so far and it feels like the two different clients want different things
* we must stress the tho clients that we will achieve the agreed work while taking into account the slight changes in requirements 

10:11
* We should generate a handover plan and demonstrate it in the audit

10:18
* the landing page needs to be perfect fro the audit
* we should have a video of the project to demonstrate rather than rely on the code working for the day

10:22
* going over completed tasks
* we can ask our clients if they have statistics that we can use

10:35
* We need to make changes to account for colour blink people
* incorperate toast when long press is performed on the graph icons

* clearing up tasks for last week
* 

*desision about the scope creep
* we will try and make the meeting at 1 
