# Sprint Meeting. 
Date: Saturday 14th August, 2021  
Time: 12:00 - 13:30  
Location: Zoom Meeting   
Members attended: Ryan Turner (u6040885), Madeleine Carden (u5849803),Ian Oxborrow (u6668026), Chathura Galappaththi (@u6947345), Tristan Smith. 


12:03
* meeting start
* discussing feedback from the tutor

12:05
* consensus: this feedback is wack
* we could improve by adding a section to the presentation that covers what is different to the last audit

12:08
* maddy has not completed the testing on iOS so that she could focus on the presentation

12:09
* Tristan has started research on the custom graph but more still needs to be done
* as this is a very large task, it is being broken down into more subtasks

12:13
* chathura has completed his task this week

12:16
* Ian has not completed the camera module 
* part of the camera module will not be completed until we have feedback from the client on Wednesday

* Ian has fixed the bug with the 

12:20
* Ryan is describing the best practices document
* the document should be available in the master branch

12:24
* Michael has notified us that he could not come to every meeting on Saturday
* continuing describing the contents of the best practises document

12:55
* assigning tasks for this week
* 

1:12
* maddy has mentioned the stuff after Ryan left
* 

1:27
* meeting close
